Wiki rework (#382)
airalab/robonomics-wiki: docs/en/global-administration.md

---
title: Global Administration

contributors: [nakata5321]
translated: true
---

> This article will provide you to how to set up a new user to your Home Assistant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This article will show you how to set up a new user to your Home Assistant.
```

## Use DApp

> Now it's time to create a new user for your Home Assistant. People, who uses Home Assistant, shouldn't use `SUB_OWNER` or `SUB_CONTROLLER` accounts, because,

Reviewer: > Now it's time to create a new user for your Home Assistant

 явно из прошлой версии, не та фраза для начала статьи. Можно типа, 

```suggestion
Home Assistant users shouldn't take `SUB_OWNER` or `SUB_CONTROLLER` accounts, because,
```

> as said [earlier](/docs/sub-activate/) they provide security. Also, you can't use user, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as said [earlier](/docs/sub-activate/) they provide security. Also, you can't take the user, 
```

> which you created af first start of Home Assistant, because this user don't have account in Robonomics Parachain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which you have created at first start of Home Assistant, because this user doesn't have account in Robonomics Parachain.
```
